[MUSIC]
So networking is clearly an important
part of internet of things,
internet is right there in the name.
So in module four we'll talk
about networking in general.
We'll talk about networks, network
protocols, we'll focus on the internet
because that's the network to which
we'll most likely be connecting.
Also we'll talk more specifically
about mobile ad hoc networks.
Mobile ad hoc networks are magnets,
sre smaller networks of mobile devices,
which IOT devices commonly are,
and they're ad hoc,
meaning they're changing all the time.
Things move in them,
things move out of them,
and that's inevitable when
your using mobile devices.
The configuration network
can change very dynamically.
So we'll talk about magnets, and
how there are different protocols used for
magnets, and how you design and
implement an interface component
with networking in mind.
[MUSIC]